[OPENING THEME PLAYING]
♪ T-E-E-N
♪ T-I-T-A-N-S
♪ Teen Titans, let's go
♪ Teen Titans, go
-[VIDEO GAME BEEPING]
-[ALL EXCLAIMING]
-Greetings, Titans.
-What's in the box, yo?
Probably nothing good.
Ooh, on the contrary.
This box contains an object
that will change
our very lives.
Ooh, what is it?
What is it? What is it?
What's inside?
What is it?
Ooh, open it, open it.
We can contain
the suspenses no longer.
I gotta know
what's in that box!
Behold!
I knew it was nothing good.
Dude, don't nobody
care about that penny.
You throws that dirty penny
in the trash with the rest
of the trash.
[GASPING]
Oh!
[EXCLAIMING]
Oh. Oh...
Uh, Star,
that's just a penny.
Just the penny?
Oh, no, no, no,
nah, nah, nah,
nopity-nope,
no siree-bop the no.
This coin is of
the greatest of value.
Upon the penny,
one can make the wish
which is then granted
by the power of the first
and only genie president
of the United States.
-Genie president?
-Yes.
The genie president,
Abraham and Turkey
Sandwich Lincoln.
His tale is the tragic one.
Even though he is
the all powerful genie.
He could not grant himself
the one wish he most desired.
To grow the upper lip
mustache hair.
And upon the rear
of the magical penny
is the image of
his favorite cake.
-That's the Lincoln Memorial.
-Yes.
The memorial
to his favorite cake.
I believe it is
the carrot flavor.
Don't be ridiculous,
Starfire, it's red velvet.
Hmm, looks like
dark chocolate to me.
Nah, it's definitely
coconut, yo.
-Titans.
-Coconut? Where you
gettin' coconut from?
-Uh, hello.
-Maybe it's that good
angel food.
-Listen to me!
-Could be pineapple
upside down cake.
Stop arguing about what
kind of cake the Lincoln
Memorial is made of!
I showed you this penny
because I discovered
something incredible.
Shh.
Now, listen closely.
The metals used to make
a penny are worth 50%
more than the penny itself.
[LAUGHING EVILLY]
Fifty percent!
Do you know what
that means?
-[GROANS]
-No, not really.
ROBIN: Well, the penny's value as currency is one cent.
The raw materials
that comprise a penny
are actually worth 1.5 cents,
therefore two pennies
are not worth two cents,
but rather three cents.
[ALL CHEERING]
So youse is saying
a penny is worth
more than a penny?
-That don't
make no cents.
-[TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING]
I never knew pennies
were so valuable.
I've been just
throwing mine away.
That's because no one
knows the true value
of the humble penny
except us.
Here's the plan, Titans,
we are going to collect
the world's unwanted pennies.
Melt them down
and sell the raw materials
back to the government
for a huge profit.
-Let's get them pennies...
-We're gonna be rich.
Friends, no!
We cannot destroy
the pennies.
You're worried about defacing
official currency which
is a valid concern.
-That is not my concern.
-I mean, Starfire's right.
Defacing currency
is a federal crime.
-No, that is not what I meant.
-And I ain't wanna get into
a tangle with the government
-over this scheme, yo.
-You are not the listening.
I assure you we are
on solid legal ground.
Take a look at this.
Souvenir coin machines are built for the sole purpose of defacing pennies
and they're perfectly legal.
Sounds like a bullet proof
legal defense to me.
But what will happen
to the poor souls
who in times of need
call upon the magic
of genie president Lincoln
by casting the pennies into the wells of the wishing.
The wishing wells,
I didn't even think of those.
Oh, the relief that you are
the understanding.
All those fools
throwing their pennies
into wells.
Just waiting
for us to grab them.
Let's hit up them
wishing wells first, yo.
Titans, go!
[VIDEO GAME BEEPING]
Well, it was
hard work, Titans,
but we've collected
every discarded penny
in the world.
Who wants to take
a dip before we melt
them down,
and extract
their precious metals?
ALL: We do!
[ALL CHEERING]
[GROANING]
[GROANING] Ow!
Ah, ooh, ouch,
ouch, ouch.
What a great way
to enjoy these coins.
Ugh, that rich duck
was right.
[GROANING]
[GROANING] Jump in, Star,
the water's hard.
I am still having
the second, third and fourth
thoughts about the plan.
If we destroy
all of the magical pennies,
the world will be
without wishes.
Who needs wishes
when we gots them
riches.
-Ow!
-That's what
I'm talking about.
[ALL CHEERING]
ALL: Ow, ow, ow!
This is the travesty.
I must go somewhere
to do the head clearing.
ALL: Ow, ow, ow!
Oh, Lincoln Memorial.
I am unable to convince
the friends that the pennies
are worth the saving.
Perhaps I should leave them
to the money making scheme
and disregard the penny magic
I hold so dear in my heart.
You are the right.
Genie president Abraham
and Turkey Sandwich Lincoln
never gave up
on the upper lip hair
and I shall not give up
on the pennies.
Thank you for the words
of encouragement.
I see now why you are
the president's favorite cake.
Carrot cake,
I the knew it!
Good bye.
Ready, Cyborg?
Good to go.
Let's turn this trash
into cash!
-[ALL CHEERING]
-I like it!
CYBORG:
Who don't like that coinage?
Money, money, money,
money, money, money.
Let's do it!
[ALL CHATTERING EXCITEDLY]
[MACHINE POWERS DOWN]
[GRUNTING]
I cannot allow this,
friend Titans.
The pennies are too precious
to melt.
Each contains the magical
wish from children
all over the world.
Like this penny.
It's wish belongs
to the little boy
from Cincinnati
who dreams of one day
becoming the dog.
Or this penny, it's wish
belongs to the little girl
from Halifax
who dreams of traveling
to the outer space in order
to destroy the sun.
And this penny...
Its wish belongs
to the me.
It is my dream
That my friends will see
the magic of the pennies
is more valuable
than the monies.
-She's right.
-Pennies are worth
so much more
than 1.5 cents.
We's not melting metal, yo.
We's melting dreams.
Oh, yeah,
she's so right, guys,
who cares about
being super rich?
Come on, melt
those babies down.
[ALL SCREAMING]
Everybody, freeze,
US Bureau of Engraving
and Printing.
You're all under arrest
for defacing currency.
Okay, slow down,
I assure you
it's perfectly legal
based on the fact
that souvenir coin machines
are also legal.
US Code, title 18,
chapter 17, section 331
allows the defacement
of any for the purpose
of making souvenirs
but does not allow
defacement for the purposes
of profiting off
of raw materials.
[GASPS]
What's them words mean?
It means Robin was wrong,
we're breaking the law.
You can't arrest us,
we didn't know it was illegal.
Tell that to the judge.
Titans, run!
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
[EXCLAIMING]
I can't see a way
out of this one, Titans.
I tolds you I ain't
want to get tangled up
with the government, fool.
Oh, what if there was only
someone we could turn to
in this most desperate hour?
Our most desperate hour.
That is the it!
We can make the wish.
But we don't
have any pennies.
I guess this is the end.
Wait.
What's that behind
your ear?
ALL: Ooh.
Starfire, the wish
is yours to make.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[SPLASHING]
-Nothing's happening.
-Was I the incorrect?
Are the pennies
not the magical?
[RUMBLING]
-[FANFARE MUSIC PLAYING]
-[GENIE EXCLAIMING]
No, way!
-It's...
-[COUGHING]
ALL: Genie president
Abraham and Turkey
Sandwich Lincoln!
Yes, it is I,
the all powerful
genie of the penny.
Mr. Genie President.
It is my most desperate wish
for all of the current
troubles to disappear.
It shall be done.
-Yeah.
-[ALL CHEERING]
Thank you.
Wow, Star.
You were right,
pennies really are magical.
Yeah, who needs riches
when you gots them wishes?
Ain't that right, Abe.
Oh, what is the wrong?
Oh, it's nothing.
I believe I know
what is bothering the you.
Mr. Genie President.
I wish for you
to grow the upper lip hair.
[GASPS] Do you mean it?
Do you really mean it?
Ooh, I have a mustache.
I finally have
a mustache.
Thank you, Starfire.
You never stop
believing in magic.
Ooh, my mustache.